When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	When i would like to share my project with others and if i would like to be sure my files are 
	not going to be deleted or corrupted so they would be safe on a remote server

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    	When i would want my files to be safe in case somethign happens with my local machine
	Also if i would like to share my work and history of commits with others easilly this is especially
	useful if many people are working together on one project this way everyone can access the latest copy 	
	of the project easilly and its commits.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because unwanted changes might be pulled, or we might not want to pull any changes at all 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a clone done through the git servers only the difference is that it has the numbers it is cloned and 
    where you cloned it from. A clone is a 1:1 copy of a repository it can be copied from a remote or from your local PC
    from one place to the other. A branch is part of a repository it is simply pointer to the last done commit called HEAD 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
	
	You can see and use the latest changes others have made to the remote offline while you don't have internet access
	You can solve merge conflicts and compare your version of the files all while offline.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	I would need to collaborate in person or send them my whole project it would be harder to send the working project
	then the project with the changes i would like to make and explain them
	

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
